What are you doing? That's not funny. I was worried sick. What's the matter with you?
How else could I get such a lovely monologue?
Okay, you know what? I'm gonna go get a doctor.
No, no. I'm fine. No. Look, not even a scratch. Just need a minute.
Are you sure it seemed pretty serious?
Yeah, the knife didn't even get to me. Something blocked it.
Really? Where is it?
Nothing. I'll find out what happened today.
Meanwhile, be more careful and sad, yeah?
No, don't worry about it. You're the patient. Just rest up now.
I heard everything you were saying, by the way.
Okay, you know what? I'm really getting you a doctor now. Just shut up.
Saved my life.
How are you doing, boss?
Oh, not too shabby.
So, what do you plan to do with karma?
Almost forgot.
Let's get paid back.
I'm not sure what we're gonna do after your little incident.
I'm sorry. I was thinking it won't happen again. I promise.
Jay, get a replacement for her role. She's done.